Russia as one big field of miracles
which the gullible pinocchio again and
planted their gold coins again
economical fuel consumption by
miracle pills that this is another scam
ny mirage or actually opportunity
save and even earn extra money
the reporter puts the experiment
programs Maria Nikitina enough
one pill and that cinematic principles
took appeared to adopt
Novosibirsk 3 months ago the company with
catchy name oh with a claim on
uniqueness not only its name on
European manner but also product which
here they offer to purchase everything
berets by catalyst for fuel mpg
caps
he is very easy to use that is he
completely harmless
very easily removed from the packaging
added when refueling directly
same at the gas station dissolves in
within one and a half hours 1 miracle capsule
according to the sellers, there is enough for 50 liters
fuel issue price of 90 rubles apiece
promised savings of 23 percent fuel
convince everyone of the effectiveness of this know
how trying and colorful promo video
fuel companies are becoming more
quality which in turn
is a catalyst
when injected into the process
efficient combustion completely
completes proof that
capsule works entrepreneurs
companies brag about different
expertise
we were testing the ministry
Defense and held already in Novosibirsk
research institute catalysis and
Incess and we have a conclusion of these
institutions that the product is responsible
the guest is completely without safe and he
works in the Novosibirsk center
standardization and metrology
did test
capsules but bright results
the lab didn't get to talk about
that with this tablet you can
really save in the face of your not
hurry think you notice
just just gasoline worth digging out
but crush us turned out so
the results are no better at all
let it get worse for now but we got it
from the capsule and without her physicochemical
performance of the tested 92 gasoline is not
changed pleases one gunnar magnet on
source table is melting under the guise of
examination conducted at the institute
catalysis of f.f. oh they sent us
lonely and document without family and tribe
and at the institute we were told that it wasn’t
issued no conclusion from here
the effectiveness of a capsule
they asked me to prove it
a petrol reducing tablet I personally give them
did not betray anything
some time ago someone tried
Sign up under the Ain brand
staffing site and work but tough
moderation was not the company did not and
jobs
here the situation is classic first
Adhan is only a mobile phone in the second
e-mail on one of the mail servers
somehow there and
Yandex and so on, but most importantly
when talking
with our moderators that is a person
who registered the campaign could not
clearly answer what the company will be
Engage What People Do Not Need Companies
tightly denies that they tried with
using the Internet to find
employees but our hero who wished
remain an unknown visited
but also at the interview finding the tempting
job offer on the ngs website
work they promise what it will be for
earn thousands in this company
dollars in this they demanded from me
money in the amount of 25,000
anastasia company entrepreneur
Kalinichenko found answers to all our
tricky questions and its development version
events we are interested in people who
buy these five rubles but new
programs that give profitable say
so pique for man but it
not necessarily for an interview in the office
companies set off and we
armed with a hidden camcorder here
we were told how to
earn gold mountains to start
grow your business and join the ranks
potential millionaires from you
need $ 60 and 25 thousand
rubles how to reduce gas mileage and
realize the cherished dream of any
motorist to follow the pressure in
tires change oil and filter in time
and and work out a uniform style
driving
This as practice shows and there is
the only one also does not require
additional investment method desired
miracle effect everything else like
speaks from the evil one but believe and believe
believe